I felt like a marionette.
I had the feeling of being connected to a superior power.
I enjoyed boundless pleasure.
I saw regular patterns in complete darkness or with closed eyes.
Everything seemed to unify into a oneness.
Noises seemed to influence what I saw.
I saw colors before me in total darkness or with closed eyes.
The shapes of things seemed to change by sounds and noises.
It seemed to me as though I did not have a body anymore.
I had difficulty making even the smallest decision.
Everyday things gained a special meaning.
Things around me had a new strange meaning for me.
I was afraid that the state I was in would last forever.
I saw lights or flashes of light in total darkness or with closed eyes.
It seemed to me that my environment and I were one.
I had difficulty in distinguishing important from unimportant things.
I saw scenes rolling by in total darkness or with my eyes closed.
I experienced a touch of eternity.
Conflicts and contradictions seemed to dissolve.
I was afraid without being able to say exactly why.
I experienced everything terrifyingly distorted.
I experienced my surroundings as strange and weird.
I felt as though I were paralyzed.
I felt very profound.
I experienced past, present and future as an oneness.
Objects around me engaged me emotionally much more than usual.
I felt threatened.
I had the feeling of being outside of my body.
I felt as though I were floating.
I felt isolated from everything and everyone.
I was not able to complete a thought, my thought repeatedly became disconnected.
I gained clarity into connections that puzzled me before.
I could see pictures from my past or fantasy extremely clearly.
The colors of things seemed to be changed by sounds and noises.
I had very original thoughts.
I had the feeling that I no longer had a will of my own.
I experienced a kind of awe.
My imagination was extremely vivid.
I experienced a profound peace in myself.
I had the feeling something horrible would happen.
I experienced an all-embracing love.
My experience had religious aspects.